Setup the Ethereum development environment. Generate addresses and create transactions.
Step 1 : Run the following command to create a new directory and navigate into it:
Bash


mkdir eth-dev-env && cd eth-dev-env
Now, initialize a new Node.js project. The -y flag accepts all the defaults.
Bash


npm init -y
This creates a package.json file in your folder.
Step 2: Install Hardhat
Next, install the specific version of Hardhat mentioned in your assignment as a development dependency.
In the same terminal window, run:
npm install --save-dev hardhat@2.22.15
This will download Hardhat and add it to your project.
Step 3: Initialize Hardhat Project
Now you'll use Hardhat's command-line interface (CLI) to create a sample project.
Run the following command:
npx hardhat
You will be prompted with a few questions. Use your arrow keys to select the options from your assignment:
What do you want to do?
Select Create a JavaScript project and press Enter.
Hardhat project root:
Press Enter to accept the default location (your current folder).
Do you want to add a .gitignore?
Press Enter to accept y (Yes).
Do you want to install this sample project's dependencies?
Press Enter to accept y (Yes, install @nomicfoundation/hardhat-toolbox). This will create the contracts/, scripts/, and test/ folders, along with the hardhat.config.js configuration file.
Step 4: Start Local Ethereum Node
This is the core step where you start your own local blockchain.
Run the following command in your terminal:
npx hardhat node
Your terminal will fill with important information:
It will state Started HTTP and WebSocket JSON-RPC server at http://127.0.0.1:8545/.
It will list 20 test accounts, each with 10,000 ETH.
Crucially, it will list the Address and Private Key for each account.

Keep this terminal window open! This is your running blockchain. If you close it, your local network stops.
Step 5: Configure MetaMask
Now, let's connect your MetaMask wallet to this new local blockchain.
1. Add the Hardhat Network
Open the MetaMask extension in your browser.
Click the dropdown menu, go to networks and add a custom network.

Fill in the form with the exact details from your node's output:
Network Name: Hardhat Local
New RPC URL: http://127.0.0.1:8545
Chain ID: 31337
Currency Symbol: ETH
Click Save. MetaMask will automatically switch to your "Hardhat Local" network.

2. Import a Test Account
Go back to your terminal that is running npx hardhat node.
Copy the Private Key for Account #0 (the first one in the list).
In MetaMask, click the Account icon in the top-left, then select Add Wallet.

Now select Import an accounts

Paste the private key you just copied into the "private key" field.
Click Import.
Your MetaMask wallet will now show this account (e.g., "Account 2") with a balance of 10,000 ETH.


Step 6: Create a Transaction
Finally, let's simulate the transaction as described.
In MetaMask, make sure you have your newly imported account (Account #0, with 10,000 ETH) selected.
Click the Send button.
Go back to your terminal and copy the Address (not the private key) for Account #1 (the second one in the list, likely 0x70997970C51812dc3A010C7d01b50e0d17dc79C8).
Paste this address into the "Send to" field in MetaMask.
In the Amount field, type 1.
Click Next.
A confirmation screen will appear. Click Confirm.
Verification
Instantly, the transaction will complete (no waiting for miners).
Your balance for Account #0 will drop to 9999 ETH (minus a tiny gas fee, so it might be 9998.99...).
Click the Activity tab in MetaMask. You will see the "Send" transaction listed as Confirmed.
If you check your terminal running the npx hardhat node, you will see a new output log for the eth_sendRawTransaction and eth_getTransactionReceipt, confirming the transaction was processed.
Conclusion
You have now successfully completed the assignment. You've set up a local Hardhat environment, launched a local blockchain node, connected your MetaMask wallet to it, imported a test account, and performed a transaction between two accounts. This setup is the foundation for all smart contract development and testing.


